in choosing the good state of all
welcome to a new video kids
here we are very vague reality with
subscribers and I've put vale already started
rolling in your career without contacts
guys because these subscribers I think
they want me to give and then doing
racing a lighthouse three racing with
them and my mother I think they hate me or
something by the style of companions although
this bet so without contact and but
my mother with lions we did not catch him but
this race that is better is worth it already
the weird begin and the weird starts
per child but to cover what the fuck
but this is uncle but this what
cojones is for boys then again
we are here and mole people are
exploding and dancing is perfect
perfect perfect perfect lad
and boy what happened to me the first no
but the second if we go and on top
exploded worth voucher guys second round
of three, it seems that the race
it is here but good
let's go thoroughly to see if he could
some fat careers subscribers
because my mother how are they going
tell you guys you already know that I
you have to leave your careers but
it's a motorbike
you have to leave your carreritas
if you want to play them
careers
of xbox 360 play 3 or play four values
centered variables and here is worth only
you have no you have with those who do not have
powers look boy mother my lad already what
I have everything for the perfect guys
for this race if it is not distorted we will see
a winning glass or sand here perfect me
I've taken the fucking car in
principle this for tourism could not be
do it's going to be a pretty little trick
pretty quick if I get pasármelo the
first but what the fuck is this me
the champion
and then we also have subscribers that
this government is flying okay we created
a little bit because we do not have to go to
background we passed without perfect perfect bread
perfect shot by ass all by
ass and it twists me let's go let's go
I can not connect from here because when I
come a subscriber is going to tell him
bye
we put ourselves a little bit but as best
You do this, he said
my mother, my mother, ask me
subscriber my mother who supports me the
subscriber my mother who is going to catch
subscriber
802 writer has caught a subscriber and
I get caught by the subscriber and they will win
guys are not going to win at the end of everything
not my mother with the career that was
doing father watching the race that
I was doing perfectly perfect
we were a little
worth dyn
1.2 because the pico pico like the
can roll like this, my mother, my mother
ok guys again then after
have done the looping to the first
part and everyone now we do not have
now yes mates
what are we going to try to do mafia no no
no no no no no no no no no no mum
this is very effective these partners is
very epic, I'm going to make a way
run what will we catch
run in the video point site
valero pillar point the oil to the finish
my mother is that my luck is that I do not
I can have more luck in a race
guys, you 're going to tell me what this guy is
time a is is this and above me
I get nervous and when I expand it explodes
the car and here there is no one to finish the
career is that they see it I see it
quiet me every second after the
carrerón you had already done this power
ok guys good day I 'm not
angry all my careers have to
end with angry uncle
all my careers I do not know how I
has reason but all my careers have
load
while on the move, focus and do not pass
nights for dresses do not get angry
but expect to run well here
everything all good all good all right
lower him
It is worth now that he asked for the point if it is
that my mother, my mother, through the point
my mother I'm going to finish I had the race
hands and I will finish as I that
is the second third good good
we run second if not that the
Subscriber passes me and above and in
omega cites as my mother did not keep that
I almost win, we look like we have
finished seconds in a race three
faults you did not care did not care that
is going to give me is always me
becoming super nervous race of
I think I'm going to call him the
looping of anger or something like that but the
guys of the next